1. Explain about Proxy and Reverse Proxy.
2. Go through a recent incident you worked.
3. OSI vs IP Model
4. Difference between UDP and TCP. How does DNS work?
5. Explain the scenario & What u do with CSRF Vulnerability.
6. What is the approach of your WAPT?
7. Give a practical example of Broken Authentication & authorisation? How u will exploit that?
8. What is the approach of your WAPT?
9. Explain the scenario & What u do with CSRF Vulnerability

CSRF vulnerability allows attackers to perform actions on behalf of a user without their consent.

CSRF attacks can be prevented by implementing CSRF tokens

The token is generated by the server and included in the form or URL

When the form is submitted, the token is verified to ensure it matches the one generated by the server

If the token is invalid, the request is rejected

CSRF vulnerabilities can be exploited to perform actions such as changing passwords, making purchases, or deleting data

To fix a CSRF vulnerability, the application must be updated to include CSRF tokens

10. How can broken authorisation vulnerability be extended
11. What type of vulnerabilities are over there?
12. Explain one of the vulnerabilities from OWASP API top 10?
13. Write a SQL Payload, other than basic. Explain the payload
14. What is XSS? Type of that.
15. Explain the concept of Bruit forcing?
16. complete security testing performed throught SDLC life cycle
17. How to bypass ssl pinning?
18. Write a basic XSS payload
19.  What is SQL Injection? Type?
20.  what is oX in nmap?
21.  Explain the concept of XSS.
22.   OWASP top 10 with mitigation

